Megaman: I have seen this city a thousand times. 
Through the glass twenty stories high,
I have watched this city burn. 
If everything that you said is true,
there is no hope someday they will learn. 
But if I stay here with you, 
then I will never learn the truth

Do not say this is how it has to be.

As I walk through the city streets, 
these frightened people watching me pass;
there is an evil that holds them here,
and yet they won't try breaking its grasp.
But if I stay here with you, 
then I will leave them to their doom.

Do not say this is how it has to be.
You do no better than the fools of this burning city.

Megaman stopped. His path through the city had led him to the grave of his brother. Men began to gather below the hilltop where he stood silently, reading the words of his father carved onto the crumbling marker.

Dr. Light: You have heard me tell this story
Many times before you sleep
No matter how dark this city gets
Even now, there is hope for man

Megaman: Even here it is not safe
Even this grave has been defaced
Someone has written on this stone
In some angry hand

Hope rides alone.
Hope rides alone.
Hope rides alone.

The buildings fly past him now. Megaman rushes towards the east side of the city,
towards the fortress, towards his fate. The rusting metal loudspeakers mounted at intervals on the side of the stone wall are humming, chanting now words to settle the stir created by a new hero. Words to quell a potential uprising. Words to inspire fear. Words to drive back the idea that freedom is within the grasp of one angry mob headed by one unstoppable leader. One perfect Machine.

Megaman: If you say this is how it has to be 
You do no better than the fools of this burning city.

And as I live
There is no evil that will stand
And I will finish
What was started, 
the fight of Protoman

Loudspeaker: We have control
We keep you safe
We are your hope
We have control
We keep you safe
We are your hope

Human Choir: We have control
We keep you safe
We are your hope

We are in control.
